# Deviate Tracking

A GTM Community Tag Template.

Please visit https://deviatetracking.com/ for more information.

Deviate Tracking is a Facebook Conversion API (CAPI) solution packaged as a point-and-click Google Tag Manager (GTM) template. It empowers you to track users -- including iOS 14 users -- in Facebook ads.

Deviate Tracking works by sending conversion data to the Deviate Tracking server, which then forwards it to Facebook. This bypasses the anti-tracking measures employed by Apple in iOS 14. Deviate Tracking offers the advanced features that marketers want, but is also simple to use, requires no programming knowledge, and imports directly into your GTM.

With Deviate Tracking, you can get all the benefits of server-side conversion data without the nerve-wracking hassle of maintaining a server. Install it today to increase your conversions and lower your ad costs.

## Features

### Simple Point-and-Click GTM Integration

Every marketer knows how powerful GTM is when it comes to tracking. Its flexibility, ease-of-use, and cross-platform compatibility are unparalleled. Deviate Tracking leverages this power by seamlessly integrating with GTM. This allows Deviate Tracking to offer users total control over their CAPI tracking inside GTM while also providing a point-and-click CAPI solution.

### Seamless Facebook CAPI Experience

CAPI expects you to configure a server, write your own scripts, and maintain them in order to get good tracking data. This requires significant technical knowledge. With Deviate Tracking, we take care of the technical side of CAPI so you can stay focused on marketing and business.

### Direct Connection

The Deviate Tracking template synchronizes with Facebook Business Manager and Facebook Pixel. Your data is passed exactly as it's generated by your website. We don't delay, manipulate, or truncate your valuable tracking data, which means that your Facebook campaigns are accurate and up-to-date.

### Bypasses Apple's iOS 14 Restrictions

The launch of iOS 14 made it nearly impossible to track Apple users by conventional means. We changed that. By creating a point-and-click server-side tracking solution, Deviate Tracking wrests the power away from Apple and gives it back to business owners and marketers -- where it belongs.

### Cross Platform

Deviate Tracking works on all Javascript-enabled devices, including Apple, Android, Mac, Windows, and Linux. Choose Deviate Tracking and rest easy knowing that _all_ your users are being counted in your marketing reports.

### Advanced Tracking Options

Facebook's native partner integrations restrict the types of events you can track to a pre-defined list. Deviate Tracking includes support for these "standard events" but also allows you to add your own, enabling you to craft powerful and in-depth conversion events. Increasing your marketing ROI has never been easier.
